[Music]
now when the Queen of Sheba heard of the
fame of Solomon she came to Jerusalem to
test Solomon with hard questions having
a very great retinue camels that bore
spices gold and abundance and precious
stones and when she came to Solomon she
spoke with him about all that was in her
heart
so Solomon answered all her questions
there was nothing so difficult for
Solomon that he could not explain it to
her and when the Queen of Sheba had seen
the wisdom of Solomon the house that he
had built the food on his table the
seating of his servants the service of
his waiters and their apparel his cup
bears and their apparel and his entry
way by which he went up to the house of
the Lord there was no more spirit in her
then she said to the king
it was a true report which I heard in my
own land about your words and your
wisdom however I did not believe their
words until I came and saw with my own
eyes and indeed the half of the
greatness of your wisdom was not told me
you exceed the fame of which I heard
happy are your men and happy are these
your servants who stand continually
before you and hear your wisdom blessed
be the Lord your God who delighted in
you setting you on his throne to be king
for the Lord your God because your God
has loved Israel to establish them
forever therefore he made you king over
them to do justice and righteousness and
she gave the King one hundred and twenty
talents of gold spices in great
abundance and precious stones there
never were any spices such as those the
queen of sheba gave to King Solomon also
the servants of Hiram and the servants
of Solomon who brought gold from offer
brought algum wood and precious stones
and the King made walkways of the algum
wood for the house of the Lord and for
the Kings house also harps and stringed
instruments for singers and there were
nuns
such as these seen before in the land of
Judah
now King Solomon gave to the Queen of
Sheba all she desired whatever she asked
much more than she had brought to the
king so she turned and went to her own
country she and her servants the weight
of gold that came to Solomon yearly was
six hundred and sixty-six talents of
gold besides what the travelling
merchants and traders bought
and all the kings of Arabia and
governors of the country brought gold
and silver to Psalm and King Solomon
made 200 large shields of hammered gold
600 shekels of hammered gold went into
each shield
he also made 300 shields of hammered
gold three hundred shekels of gold went
into each shield the King put them in
the house of the forest of Lebanon or
over the King made a great throne of
ivory and overlaid it with pure gold the
throne had six steps with a footstool of
gold which were fastened to the throne
they were armrests on either side of the
place of the seat and two Lions stood
beside the arm rests 12 Lions stood
there one on each side of the six steps
nothing like this had been made for any
other Kingdom all King Solomon's
drinking vessels were gold and all the
vessels of the house of the forest of
Lebanon were pure gold not one was
silver for this was accounted as nothing
in the days of Solomon for the King
ships went to tosha's with the servants
of Hiram
once every three years the merchant
ships came bringing gold silver ivory
Apes and monkeys
so King Solomon surpassed all the kings
of the earth in riches and wisdom and
all the kings of the earth sought the
presence of Solomon to hear his wisdom
which God had put in his heart
each man bought his present articles of
silver and gold garments armor spices
horses and mules at a set rate year by
year Solomon had four thousand stalls
for horses and chariots and twelve
thousand horsemen whom he stationed in
the chariot cities and with the king at
Jerusalem so he reigned over all the
kings from the river to the land of the
Philistines as far as the border of
Egypt the king made silver is common in
Jerusalem as stones and he made cedar
trees as abundant as the Sycamores which
are in the lowland and they brought
horses to Solomon from Egypt and from
all lands now the rest of the acts of
Solomon first and last are they not
written in the book of nathan the
prophet in the prophecy of a Hydra the
Shiloh Knight and in the visions of Edo
the seer concerning Jeroboam the son of
Nebat
Solomon reigned in Jerusalem over all
Israel forty years then Solomon rested
with his father's and was buried in the
City of David his father
and Rehoboam his son reigned in his
place
[Music]